When the user is in the Model view it shows a menu bar with "Model" and 
"Experiment" option and a tabbed pane with "Formulas", "Parameters" and 
"States". The name of the current model is displayed in the title of the 
model view.

- Menu bar
	- "Model": this menu contains three options: "New", "Open" and 
	  "Save". When "New" is clicked the program asks if the user wants 
	  to save the model that is it is working on, on that point. When 
	  clicked "cancel" the model view is maintained. If "OK" is clicked
	  the name for the new model is asked and the model is made, a new 
	  (empty) model is opened. When "Open" is clicked, the model file 
	  choose window is opened (see 3. ModelOpening&Saving.txt). If 
	  "Save" is clicked the model file saver is opened (see 
	  3. ModelOpening&Saving.txt)
	  
	- "Experiment": this menu contains three options: "New", "Open" and 
	  "Save". When "New" is clicked, the experiment view is opened based
	  on the current model (see 4. ExperimentView.txt), the model view 
	  is still open in the background. When "Open" is clicked, the 
	  experiment file choose window is opened (see 5. 
	  ExperimentOpening&Saving.txt). If "Save" is clicked the experiment 
	  file saver is opened (see 5. ExperimentOpening&Saving.txt).

- Tabbed pane
	- "Formulas": the "Formulas" tab shows all the differential 
	  equations defined in the model. The line above the table let the
	  modeller add a new state with differential equation by typing that
	  in the line and clicking the "Add" button on the right. The 
	  moddeler also can edit a formula by selecting a formula in the 
	  table and click the button "Edit". You get into the "Edit mode". 
	  The formula is in the line above the table and you can edit and 
	  add it again by clicking on the "OK" button. Here you can also
	  delete formulas by selecting the formula and click "Delete".
	- "Parameters": the "Parameters" tab shows all the parameters 
	  defined in the formulas. On the right side of the table with 
	  parameters there is an input line for parameters not yet included
	  in the formulas. When the "Add" button is clicked the text in the 
	  input box is added to the parameters of the model.
	- "States": the "States" tab shows all the states that are defined 
	  in the model together with their unit and description. However
	  unit and description are not functional yet.
